From: [my true email address]
Subject: [true email address] is hacked
Date: October 18, 2018 at 10:42 PM
To: [an actual password used on a different site] [my true email address]

Hello!

My nickname in darknet is zippy10.

I hacked this mailbox more than six months ago, through it I infected your operating system
with a virus (trojan) created by me and have been monitoring you for a long time.

So, your password from [my true email address] is [an actual password used by me on a different site]

Even if you changed the password after that - it does not matter, my virus intercepted all the caching data on your computer and automatically saved access for me. I have access to all your accounts, social networks, email, browsing history. 

Accordingly, I have the data of all your contacts, files from your computer, photos and
videos. I was most struck by the intimate content sites that you occasionally visit. You have a very wild imagination, I tell you! During your pastime and entertainment there, I took screenshot through the camera of your device, synchronizing with what you are watching. Oh my god! You are so funny and excited!

I think that you do not want all your contacts to get these files, right?

If you are of the same opinion, then I think that $808 is quite a fair price to destroy the
dirt I created. 

Send the above amount on my BTC wallet (bitcoin): 1EZS92K4xJbymDLwG4F7PNF5idPE62e9XY

As soon as the above amount is received, I guarantee that the data will be deleted, I do not need it. Otherwise, these files and history of visiting sites will get all your contacts from your device. Also, I'll send to everyone your contact access to your email and access logs, I have carefully saved it!

Since reading this letter you have 48 hours! After your reading this message, I'll receive an automatic notification that you have seen the letter. I hope I taught you a good lesson.

Do not be so nonchalant, please visit only to proven resources, and don't enter your passwords anywhere! 

Good luck!
